1.1

1.2
physical configuration, logical configuration, process network, distributed algorithm

1.3
C/S:
Servers and clients are usually connected in computer network.
Servers provide services and clients request services.
Servers are always listening to requests, so that if a client initiate a connection(request) to a server, the server can receive and answer the request(provide service).
P2P:
All hosts in the network are both clients and servers. Multiple peers in networkcan share their resource together, not just 2 peers like C/S system.

1.4
a) Distributed operating system approach: distributed software is part of the system. There is already many parallel programming paradigms, but all the nodes in the whole system should be homogeneous.
b) Distributed database approach: all distributed software access the shared database. Same system over network is no more necessary, convenient DB features are provided and sequential programs are easily isolated. But conflict could happen with shared database, and some algorithms are hard to realize.
c) Protocol approach: all softwares must be developed accordingt to protocols. Developers needn't to implement details of protocols but only functionalities. However, softwares lose some flexibility, some functions is impossible or hard to implement.
d) Distributed programming approach: softwares are written with sequential programming language and extensions, and then run on middlewares(or DRTS) over the computer network(or distributed system).

1.5
Language runs on corresponding DRTS with high efficiency;
Many languages are competing, concepts are evolved rapidly;
Heterogeneous systems can work together;
Languages are designed to support distributed programs on a "global" scale.
Cons:
Languages work on different DRTSes, enviroment configuration is complex and sometimes inconsistent;
Although codes run good on DRTS, but DRTS cannot work on OS with high efficiency;
Languages evolve too fast, programmer must always spend effort to learn a new tool;
Some hidden bugs cannot be found till issues occurs.
